api/search: Reset `is_automated` to false (#47465)
moby/moby: docs/api/version-history.md

* `POST /containers/create` now supports `VolumeOptions.Subpath` which allows a
  subpath of a named volume to be mounted.
* `POST /images/search` will always assume a `false` value for the `is-automated`
  field. Consequently, searching for `is-automated=true` will yield no results,

>   while `is-automated=false` is will be a no-op.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  while `is-automated=false` will be a no-op.
```

Author: 🤦🏻 Thanks, fixed!

>   Consequently, searching for `is-automated=true` will yield no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Consequently, searching for `is-automated=true` or `is-automated=false`
  will yield an "invalid filter" error.
```
